A samurai sent through time fights to return home and save the world.
A New York music executive in the 1970s hustles to make a career out of the city's diverse music scene.
The story of Easy Company of the U.S. Army 101st Airborne Division, and their mission in World War II Europe, from Operation Overlord, through V-J Day.
Nine noble families fight for control over the mythical lands of Westeros, while an ancient enemy returns after being dormant for thousands of years.
Emmy Award-winning, the most expensive nature documentary series ever commissioned by the BBC, and the first to be filmed in high definition.
A high school chemistry teacher diagnosed with inoperable lung cancer turns to manufacturing and selling methamphetamine in order to secure his family's future.
Baltimore drug scene, seen through the eyes of drug dealers and law enforcement.
An exploration of our discovery of the laws of nature and coordinates in space and time.
An animated series that follows the exploits of a super scientist and his not-so-bright grandson.
Astronomer Carl Sagan leads us on an engaging guided tour of the various elements and cosmological theories of the universe.
David Attenborough returns to the world's oceans in this sequel to the acclaimed documentary filming rare and unusual creatures of the deep, as well as documenting the problems our oceans face.
New Jersey mob boss Tony Soprano deals with personal and professional issues in his home and business life that affect his mental state, leading him to seek professional psychiatric counseling.
A groundbreaking 26-part documentary series narrated by the actor Laurence Olivier about the deadliest conflict in history, World War II.
In a war-torn world of elemental magic, a young boy reawakens to undertake a dangerous mystic quest to fulfill his destiny as the Avatar, and bring peace to the world.
David Attenborough's legendary BBC crew explains and shows wildlife all over planet earth in 10 episodes, showing the challenges of facing life and hunting.
A modern update finds the famous sleuth and his doctor partner solving crime in 21st century London.
Each episode examines how life differs for men and nature in some type of environment, from Arctic to desert and jungle, from coasts to mountains.
Ordinary people find themselves in extraordinarily astounding situations, which they each try to solve in a remarkable manner.
A comprehensive history of the United States' involvement in the bitterly divisive armed conflict in Southeast Asia.
Ten television drama films, each one based on one of the Ten Commandments.
A comprehensive survey of the American Civil War.
Five hundred years in the future, a renegade crew aboard a small spacecraft tries to survive as they travel the unknown parts of the galaxy and evade warring factions as well as authority agents out to get them.
Seasonal anthology series in which police investigations unearth the personal and professional secrets of those involved, both within and outside the law.
Two brothers search for a Philosopher's Stone after an attempt to revive their deceased mother goes awry and leaves them in damaged physical forms.
Various chronicles of deception, intrigue and murder in and around frozen Minnesota. Yet all of these tales mysteriously lead back one way or another to Fargo, North Dakota.
A high school mathlete starts hanging out with a group of burnouts while her younger brother navigates his freshman year.
The Dark Knight battles crime in Gotham City with occasional help from Robin and Batgirl.
An intelligent high school student goes on a secret crusade to eliminate criminals from the world after discovering a notebook capable of killing anyone whose name is written into it.
Mammoth series, five years in the making, taking a look at the rich tapestry of life in the world's oceans.
The futuristic misadventures and tragedies of an easygoing bounty hunter and his partners.
A man with diagnosis of Alzheimer's, decides to punish the criminals.
An anthology series exploring a twisted, high-tech world where humanity's greatest innovations and darkest instincts collide.
The story of Saitama, a hero that does it just for fun & can defeat his enemies with a single punch.
While the arrival of wealthy gentlemen sends her marriage-minded mother into a frenzy, willful and opinionated Elizabeth Bennet matches wits with haughty Mr. Darcy.
Focuses on life and the environment in both the Arctic and Antarctic.
Africa, the world's wildest continent. David Attenborough takes us on an awe-inspiring journey through one of the most diverse places in the world. We visit deserts, savannas, and jungles and meet up with some of Africa's amazing wildlife.
The original surreal sketch comedy showcase for the Monty Python troupe.
A World War II German U-Boat crew have a terrifying patrol mission in the early days of the war.
Follows the personal and professional lives of six twenty to thirty-something-year-old friends living in Manhattan.
When a young boy disappears, his mother, a police chief, and his friends must confront terrifying forces in order to get him back.
Level-headed son Michael Bluth takes over family affairs after his father is imprisoned. But the rest of his spoiled, dysfunctional family are making his job unbearable.
Apocalypse: The Second World War(2009) is a six-part French documentary about the Second World War.
The continuing misadventures of neurotic New York City stand-up comedian Jerry Seinfeld and his equally neurotic New York City friends.
Two brothers find themselves lost in a mysterious land and try to find their way home.
Comedy that follows two brothers from London's rough Peckham estate as they wheel and deal through a number of dodgy deals as they search for the big score that'll make them millionaires.
An idiosyncratic FBI agent investigates the murder of a young woman in the even more idiosyncratic town of Twin Peaks.
A Congressman works with his equally conniving wife to exact revenge on the people who betrayed him.
Twin siblings Dipper and Mabel Pines spend the summer at their uncle's tourist trap in the enigmatic town of Gravity Falls.
Set at the intersection of the near future and the reimagined past, explore a world in which every human appetite can be indulged without consequence.
A chronicled look at the criminal exploits of Colombian drug lord Pablo Escobar, as well as the many other drug kingpins who plagued the country through the years.
